# R--projects
Web analytics at Quality Alloys Inc. Case Analysis 

Summary and Recommendation

Quality Alloys is a renowned distributor of niche, various metal constructive components. Their fortes are clearly stated in the case as well as some additional research. They have a very solid and long-lasting relationship with their clients/suppliers. Their distributed products are well known for their implementation by design with reliability, and their name has remained reputable with a very stout brand awareness. By focusing on their strengths for standardization, quality and reliance will be completely assured. Said by Prof. Piedade, “Fundamentally, standardization means that your employees have an established, time-tested process to use. When done well, standardization can decrease ambiguity and guesswork, guarantee quality, boost productivity, and increase employee morale. One of the most important ways in which standardization can help to guarantee quality is by minimizing the chances that crucial details will be overlooked. “(Piedade, & Sybi., 2018). Besides all of their excellent qualities, Quality Alloy is attempting to boost their sales and productivity through entering new market barriers through introducing a web-based process to increase a customer basis as well as setting up new promotional benefits to clients.

Our job as the management advisors is to assess the company’s overall profile which includes customer basis, marketing, sales, and valuing the firm as a whole, to construct a series of recommendations to service their overall performance in all aspects. Before we make a series of advice, we will first assess their weaknesses in order to base our grounds for improvements.
The first fault we can observe through the reading of the case study is an impending sense of client and or customer dissatisfaction due to their lack of survey responses and various reviews on web platforms. Although seen through the data, this has not yet affected the demand for the product intern reflecting on sales but should be nonetheless made aware when implementing a new customer web base. A fully formed webpage where customers are serviced and able to purchase goods with ease in tern adding satisfaction to pre and post-acquisition experience can boost attitude tremendously. A foothold in social media might be a future process as well. Low cost with easy marketing. 

	Another area where Quality Alloys can be more effective is having a higher and calculating in future areas its ROI. Although it is a very stable company, most of its profits in comparison to its revenue is rather low. “Including more ROI statistics with greater impact and aid in seeing where major business areas can afford to be upgraded to increase profit. This can be calculated in anything from improving its product in general to its web-based and promotional/marketing campaigns.  (Revenue gained from registrations – the cost of a marketing campaign) / cost of marketing campaign. By correlating event registration with your respective campaigns, you can see right away which one gave you the greatest return on your investment and further build out that campaign for future events.” (RAIL, 2016). This will be shown in our calculation for its future marketing prospects in whether or not it is useful to continue is projects.

	And lastly, through research, an area that can be beneficial to look at would be to increase its entry barrier applications. It is a known fact that medium-sized companies are at risk from large enterprises mainly through customer base and the larger companies being able to manipulate prices in economies of scale. Fortunately, the focus on scope prevents larger firm to interfere, but there is always a looming threat from small entering companies. In stabilizing their business process and patenting specific reforms and products will raise entry barriers from the threat of emerging establishments.

	An E-commerce business model could be beneficial for this company as it will increase the customer base and gain a foothold in a new market segment at low costs.

	After analyzing the data set over time. We have noticed that overall the revenue has been at a slow decline. Also, there is a very weak correlation between the number of customer visits and the amount of overall profit. After reviewing these points, we would like to recommend that Quality Alloys invest more time and tries harder to maintain new and create existing long-term contracts with its clients. This is a major benefit in a few ways. One it minimizes price fluctuations of its goods in relation to the market using futures contracts with a plus or minus 10% escalation clause stating that if the price moves up or down ten percent by the time of delivery, they may adjust their price. This is mutually beneficial for both sides and acts as a shock absorber to market volatility. Another way long term contracts benefit is because of general recognition and customer loyalty over time, which according to many studies, it’s much better to hear the good word from another client than to trust an internet page overview with a stamp of approval. Also, Quality Alloy’s corporate social responsibility will be in good health as their first-hand fair contracts keeps its clients and stakeholders in always getting what they need at the appropriate prices.

